Yesterday, many of you already know that, many of you already know that. But again, I'm going to
talk briefly.
This is discovered by very famous master, teacher and a scholar in the 20th century.
From the century, his name was known as Dunyun Jibra Yeshe Dorje. Many times, most of you recall,
as the Western style, his Holiness Dunyun Rinpoche.
He was very famous master, famous teacher. He was a teacher of many, many hundred teachers.
He was a great scholar, master, visionary. He discovered these teachings.
He was determined and he was also predated by the Gaurapayama Sambha.
In the 8th century, Gaurapayama Sambha predicted the forthcoming of the 20th century, Master Dunyun
Jibra.
Gaurapayama Sambha said, one of his teachings said, "In the future generations, from the center to
bed is Samye."
Center to bed? 9 Galatia Mountains pass. From east direction of Samye, 9 Galatia Mountains pass.
There is beautiful location of the secretly hidden land as land of the Vaidya Varahe.
Vaidya Varahe is, many of you already know, whoever you don't know, again, another female Buddha.
In that, where the birthplace of the book, his own Dunyun Rinpoche is often known as land of the,
secret land of the Vaidya Varahe, female Buddha.
In the formation of the land of the Gaurapayama Sambha, when you look, I think, birdwoos of the sky
, you look to that land formation,
I think, always in the teachings said, that has the formation of the Vaidya Varahe.
That's what the teachings said. And of course, no one really looked up, looking down the birdways.
Ourself, I didn't really had the opportunity to do that.
But according to the teaching, the birdwoo, if you look from that above birdwoo, looking down to
that area,
and that whole land area is the secret land or the formation of the Vaidya Varahe.
So, Gaurapayama Sambha said, in the future generation passing through 9 Galatia Mountains in east
direction of the Vaidya Varahe,
which is Samye in the center of Tibet, there is beautiful secret location of the Vaidya Varahe.
And there is, the man will come, named with Bustam, or Yishi.
Yishi will be born, and who will be born in the claim of the royal claim, royal claim, who was born
,
and he will reveal the many Therma, or the hidden teachings that are hidden at the same time,
then he will continually preserve the ancient existing Therma teachings,
and reactivate and share them to all the beings.
That was the pre-adapted by the Gaurapayama Sambha.
And as Gaurapayama Sambha pre-adapted, or said, and his Holiness Dunyurma was born and came,
and then he did the same thing as the pre-adapted, and revealed.
And this is his revelation teachings, one of his revelation teachings.
From that teaching, I will offer you the importance.
And now, again, how I received this teaching, and that is directly from him,
I received, I had the great opportunity to receive many teachings.
I have one of the very unpleasant, fortunate, and I received quite full of teachings from him
directly.
And then, as well as also, I received this teaching from other great teachers, too.
This teaching, which they received from his Holiness Dunyurma and they also began to share to the
others,
so I was also fortunate to receive that teaching from others.
So I received many teachings from many great masters and his Holiness Dunyurma.
And so, that is, as I received this teaching, and then empowerment, I'm offering you that same
spirit to you all.
And that is about lineage, teachings.
Now, I talk very briefly about empowerment, what you said, what means empowerment.